tue
Hello, I am net ib Today, I am about the issue of social insurance participation in the construction industry
Kondo of ib Division will send you
According to the Labor Force Survey published by the Statistics Bureau, Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications, the number of workers working in the construction industry is 490.
It decreases to 73% at the peak time with 60,000 people About the general evaluation method of the bidding system
We've heard the word Coin carpenter when you are covering the general contractor skilled in the art of architecture
In one coin type, the unit price per square meter is 500 yen
It is the second thing to be contracted with one coin . Even if you work without a 30 day break here, 150,000 yen
It is cheaper than byte of convenience store if converted to hourly wage
In the construction industry, in addition to this wage, the problem of construction workers not having social insurance
I have a problem two children
This is planting the negative image of the construction industry is instability of the meal
It was a result that the ability of young people to work in the construction industry was reduced
According to the employment trend survey of the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare, the young people under the age of 24 who settled in the construction industry in 1992
The employee said that about 250,000
It decreased to one-fifth with 53,000 people in 2008
This is the injuries and the lunch is said to be his possession
Please refer to the following table is to occur and therefore is a layered subcontracting structure in which the apex of the general contractor
Central Construction Industry Council This is 14mar Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport
Management channel inspection system at the general hearing general assembly
Godly
We show examination bill revision standard revision Hearing about significance including industry group in middle trial trial
Implementation
It has been approved for the revision proposed by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs
Restrictions on social insurance companies that have become a problem in the revised bill will be tightened
Become
However, the social insurance participation problem is how dumped mothers in the dumped business how social insurance
There is problem whether we bear
It has fallen even labor unit cost due to a decrease in the optical axis night by ramping
Deterioration of happy working conditions to subcontractors It has been pointed out that it leads to unfairness of safety measures etc.
Was
Contract the amount of construction work contractor skilled in the art was dumping orders laying a certain profit contractor skilled in the art
Go
Primary contractor bullets
Happy to have a ping order is even better
It is construction that we are lowered at low price to subcontractor
The problem is solved only by the government strengthening the legal regulations on social insurance non-participant in Pan
I think we are not
Kondo of ibd duties above is me